Code - Proof_Of_Work_Table.md, before:

## Code Contributor - Proof of Work

Detail the work you are contributing to Morpheus.  You must include a link to the work for the work to be considered.  Examples of proof include links to pull requests, github issues, or other easily verifyable information.

*It is your responsability to make the proof easily verifyable. Don't assume reviewers of this table have an understanding of your code. Explain it simply. Limit your descripions to 250 words.*

Create a pull request and add a row to the following table. A good way to include proof of work is to put a link to the pull request of the work or a link to the issue in GitHub that describes the testing you did. Only add your link at the bottom, and do not alter any other rows. If you are submitting multiple contributions, please create multiple pull requests - one pull request per contribution.

You need a wallet like Metamask that can receive Ethereum based tokens. MOR is an ERC-20 type token. Also must support Arbitrum.

| Wallet Address | Link to Work | Time Devoted (hrs) | Description of Contribution |
| -------------- | ------------ | ------------------ | --------------------------- |
|                |              |                    |                             |

Commit message:

Update Code - Proof_Of_Work_Table.md

Code - Proof_Of_Work_Table.md, after:

## Code Contributor - Proof of Work

Detail the work you are contributing to Morpheus.  You must include a link to the work for the work to be considered.  Examples of proof include links to pull requests, github issues, or other easily verifyable information.

*It is your responsability to make the proof easily verifyable. Don't assume reviewers of this table have an understanding of your code. Explain it simply. Limit your descripions to 250 words.*

Create a pull request and add a row to the following table. A good way to include proof of work is to put a link to the pull request of the work or a link to the issue in GitHub that describes the testing you did. Only add your link at the bottom, and do not alter any other rows. If you are submitting multiple contributions, please create multiple pull requests - one pull request per contribution.

You need a wallet like Metamask that can receive Ethereum based tokens. MOR is an ERC-20 type token. Also must support Arbitrum.

| Wallet Address | Link to Work | Time Devoted (hrs) | Description of Contribution |
| -------------- | ------------ | ------------------ | --------------------------- |
| 0x7aE68C76771131835e90AEfF44f1c03d07503B92|     https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7ae68c76771131835e90aeff44f1c03d07503b92| 1 HR|Identifying Allowance Exceeded Error and Pool ID issues. Relayed info to Smart Agents which found the need to approve stETH among one of the pre reqs. Continuing to work on this issue to see why allowance exceeded issue is persisting.  |
