Community - Proof of Contribution.md, before:

## Community Builder Contributor - Proof of Work

Detail the work you are contributing to Morpheus.  You must include a link to the work for the work to be considered.  Examples of proof include links Morpheus realted websites, application frontends, user guides or other easily verifyable information that lead directly to Inference usage.

*It is your responsability to make the proof easily verifyable. Don't assume reviewers of this table have an understanding the inferfaces you are providing. Explain it simply. Limit your descripions to 250 words.*

Create a pull request and add a row to the following table. A good way to include proof of work is to put a link directly to the Interface you are offering. Only add your link at the bottom, and do not alter any other rows. If you are submitting multiple contributions, please create multiple pull requests - one pull request per contribution.

You need a wallet like Metamask that can receive Ethereum based tokens (MOR is an ERC-20 token) and that supports Arbitrum.

| Wallet Address | Link to Work | Compute Inference Provided (hours)  | Description of Contribution |
| -------------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------- | --------------------------- |
|                |              |                                     |                             |

Commit message:

Update Community - Proof of Contribution.md
Logging hours for contributions to administrative duties and helping people navigate MOR through answering questions as well as attempting to resolve the AMD GPU issues with ROCm and Ollama

Community - Proof of Contribution.md, after:

## Community Builder Contributor - Proof of Work

Detail the work you are contributing to Morpheus.  You must include a link to the work for the work to be considered.  Examples of proof include links Morpheus realted websites, application frontends, user guides or other easily verifyable information that lead directly to Inference usage.

*It is your responsability to make the proof easily verifyable. Don't assume reviewers of this table have an understanding the inferfaces you are providing. Explain it simply. Limit your descripions to 250 words.*

Create a pull request and add a row to the following table. A good way to include proof of work is to put a link directly to the Interface you are offering. Only add your link at the bottom, and do not alter any other rows. If you are submitting multiple contributions, please create multiple pull requests - one pull request per contribution.

You need a wallet like Metamask that can receive Ethereum based tokens (MOR is an ERC-20 token) and that supports Arbitrum.

| Wallet Address                             | Link to Work | Compute Inference Provided (hours)  | Description of Contribution                                                                                             |
| -------------------------------------------| ------------ | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|0xb75DB2216E7047C7b6bebE1057CF7c99e5D87eD0  | TheOracle    | 10                                  | Helping adminstrate and faciliating the expansion of the of the Mor community telegram & discord and work on AMD GPU fix|
|
