# Coder Guide:
A lot of developers are joining the Morpheus community. Welcome to you all! 
You are a key part of the Morpheus community and there are lots of rewards to be earned for your hard work. 
In Morpheus 24% of all MOR emissions go to Coders and will for the next 16 years as part of all the 42 Million MOR emitted. 

## Guide:
To get started here is a short list of resources and some of the best ways to get involved and add code to improve Morpheus.

## Tl;dr
- Review Morpheus Request for Comment (MRC) list for high level understanding.
- Review list of GitHub Issues for specifics.
- Review Best Practices for tips on how to get your code added.
- Submit a Pull Request that adds value to Morpheus.

## Morpheus Request For Comments:
Includes a list of all the papers / proposals related to improving , implementing Morpheus, Smart Agents, Tokenomics, & the Techno Capital Machine.

https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/MRC/blob/main/Morpheus%20Request%20For%20Comments%20(MRC).md

## Check the list of Issue On GitHub For Details Of On Going Work
Includes a list of active issues reported on the Morpheus GitHub.

https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/Morpheus/issues

## Best Practices for Contributing Code
The step by step details of how to Contribute Code, increase those odds of having your Pull Request merged.

https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/Morpheus/blob/main/!KEYDOCS%20README%20FIRST!/8.Code%20Contributor%20Best%20Practices.md

## Code Contributor Table To Include In Pull Requests
Include an update to the Code Contributor table on GitHub with your Code Contributions with your hour request.

https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/Morpheus/blob/main/Contributions/Code%20-%20Proof_Of_Contribution.md
