# Proposed Date For Morpheus Fair Launch - February 8th 2024
Based on the progress of the Smart Contracts in the test nets and the community members who have sponsored auditors to test the Smart Contracts (thank you) it looks like the Morpheus Smart Contracts maybe deployed to Ethereum / Arbitrum mainnet on February 8th 2024 and contributors will begin earning MOR.

This is a proposed date and it could change. But presuming the Smart Contracts continue to test well, this seems a reasonable date after the audits are complete and has been proposed by the Smart Contract developers as the date to begin the fair launch.

## Boot Strapping Period Phase 1 - Code & Capital
The Smart Contracts will begin creating MOR token emissions for Code, Capital, Compute, and Community from day 1 however keep in mind the stETH and MOR tokens will not be claimable / sendable until day 91 after phase 1 of the bootstrapping period is complete for Code & Capital Providers.

## Boot Strapping Period Phase 2 - Compute
As part of the broader bootstrapping period but may last longer than 90 days for Compute Providers the Smart Contracts will build up MOR tokens rewards from day 1. However the Smart Contracts will not distribute the MOR tokens to Compute Providers until the Compute Router and other details are developed by the community.

## Boot Strapping Period Phase 3 - Community Front End Builders
As part of the broader bootstrapping period but after the Compute Smart Contracts go live, the Community Builder Smart Contracts will build up MOR tokens rewards from day 1. However the Smart Contracts will not distribute the MOR tokens to Community Builders until the Community Smart Contracts and other details are developed by the community.

## Date May Change
So February 8th MAYBE the beginning of the 90 day bootstrapping period. Thanks to everyone who is building Morpheus open source and in public from day one. Its amazing to watch people coming together from across the world to create true a Decentralized AI for everyone to freely use.

## Updated Testing Plan
https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/Morpheus/blob/main/TestingPlan.md

## History
February 8th 2024 is the 28th Anniversary of "A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace" (February 8th 1996). Seems like a good day to release Decentralized AI into the world.
https://www.eff.org/cyberspace-independence
