# Code Contributions Best Practices

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Before contributing Code to Morpheus related GitHub repositories please read this quick guide on best practices.

## Structuring your Code Contributions.
All Code Contributions should include the following five elements.
1. The Ethereum / Wallet address to be rewarded.
2. Link to the Issue being addressed.
3. Link to the Code Contribution.
4. Time Requested number of hours (just the # don't include the word "hours").
5. Description of Contributions.

> [!NOTE]
> **Format:** \
> | Wallet Address | Link to Issue | Link to Work | Time Requested (hours) | Description of Contribution | \
> Please include the "pipe" "|" symbol correctly as seen above so your contribution will format with the table.

Example:
- | 0x98eFf980C57c9D333340b3856481bF7B8698987c | Link to Issue   | Link to Commit #127 | 50                      |	Integration of ollama       |

## Follow These Best Practices

## 1. The Key Is To Add Value To Get Merged / Rewarded
The concept here is NOT based on the Labor Theory of Value. It doesn't matter how many hours are worked but rather the value produced by the work. That's why the repository owner has to actually merge in the code (the product of the work) for it to count toward rewards. The repository owner acts as the "customer" in the marketplace. Look at other contributors to the repo and gauge the needs of the repository owner.

## 2. Be Reasonable and Competitive 
If the Code contributor is asking too many hours for the Contribution or the quality of the contribution cannot be qualified or is of low quality it's likely to be rejected by the repository owner.

## 3. Combine Your Code Contribution With Request For Hours In One PR
When you do submit a pull request, consider combining the new code and the request for hours approval / address for rewards all into the same pull request so the whole thing is accepted or rejected by the repo owner without having to look through multiple pull requests.

## 4. Message The Repository Owner First
If you are considering working on something substantial that will take a lot of hours of development you should consider contacting the repo owner and inquire about their interest in the function, feature or application you are considering developing first before spending all the time on it.

## 5. Offer To Open Source Upon Acceptance 
If you are concerned about contributing something closed source and it being picked up by someone else, consider starting with a more restrictive license and offer to flip it to the MIT open source standard if the pull request / hours are accepted by the repository owner. 

## 6. Avoid Overlapping Commits on the Last Line of The Code - Proof_Of_Contribution.md File
Often when people make contributions they add their address, proof, hours, and description to the very last line of the Code Contributions file.
So when multiple people do this and the first Pull Request is merged, it causes conflicts will all the other Pull Requests that added their Contribution to the same line.
Consider placing your commit on a line other than the last one. As Code proof moves to a monthly basis consider adding your Code to a line equal to the date of its commitment.

## 7. Timeline for Submission and Acceptance / Rejection of Code Contribution
- If an idea for a future contribution is being requested, then the requester should include a timeline in the request.
So for example if the GitHub repo owner wants contributors to create an Italian version of the white paper, then they should set a timeline say 7 days for submissions. Then contributors should expect that the GitHub repo owner will accept the best work done at the lowest number of hours requested. 

- This creates a free market for code and lets people freely compete and the GitHub repo owner gets the benefit of comparing submissions at the same time instead of just accepting whichever contributor finished first. This ought to result in better outcomes and clear expectations from both sides.

## 8. Review process to rate quality.
A second contributor can review other works submitted for quality and submit the review for 20% of the hours related to the submission.

## 9. Support / Updates To Code
If you contribute documentation, such as a translation of a white paper there is an expectation that when updates are made to the original document you will in turn update the derivitive document. If derivative contributions are not kept up they can be replaced by a different contributor and the hours credited will be re-directed to the new contributor.

## 10. Code & Rewards Are Dynamic
The code base is ever evolving. Hours credited only last as long as the Code base / GitHub is utilizing the Code you provided. So as the Tech Stack changes the rewards can flow to those providing the current software being used.  
