!KEYDOCS README FIRST!/8.Code Contributor Best Practices.md, before:

# Code Contributions Best Practices README

Before contributing Code to Morpheus related Github repositories read this quick guide on best practices.

## 1. The Key Is To Add Value To Get Merged / Rewarded
The concept here is NOT based on the Labor Theory of Value. It doesn't matter how many hours are worked but rather the value produced by the work. That's why the repository owner has to actually merge in the code (the product of the work) for it to count toward rewards. The repository owner acts as the "customer" in the marketplace. Look at other contributors to the repo and gauge the needs of the repository owner.

## 2. Be Reasonable and Competitive 
If the Code contributor is asking too many hours for the Contribution or the quality of the contribution can't be qualified or is of low quality its likely to be rejected by the repository owner.

## 3. Message The Repository Owner First
If you are considering working on something substantial that will take a lot of hours of development you should consider contacting the repo owner and inquire about their interest in the function, feature or application you are considering developing first before spending all the time on it.

## 4. Combine Your Code Contribution With Request For Hours In One PR
When you do submit a pull request, consider combining the new code and the request for hours approval / address for rewards all into the same pull request so the whole thing is accepted or rejected by the repo owner without having to look through multiple pull requests.

## 5. Offer To Open Source Upon Acceptance 
If you are concerned about contributing something closed source and it being picked up by someone else, consider starting with a more restrictive license and offer to flip it to the MIT open source standard if the pull request / hours are accepted by the repository owner.

Commit message:

Update 8.Code Contributor Best Practices.md
Adding Avoid Overlapping Commits to the 6th best practice.

!KEYDOCS README FIRST!/8.Code Contributor Best Practices.md, after:

# Code Contributions Best Practices README

Before contributing Code to Morpheus related Github repositories read this quick guide on best practices.

## 1. The Key Is To Add Value To Get Merged / Rewarded
The concept here is NOT based on the Labor Theory of Value. It doesn't matter how many hours are worked but rather the value produced by the work. That's why the repository owner has to actually merge in the code (the product of the work) for it to count toward rewards. The repository owner acts as the "customer" in the marketplace. Look at other contributors to the repo and gauge the needs of the repository owner.

## 2. Be Reasonable and Competitive 
If the Code contributor is asking too many hours for the Contribution or the quality of the contribution can't be qualified or is of low quality its likely to be rejected by the repository owner.

## 3. Combine Your Code Contribution With Request For Hours In One PR
When you do submit a pull request, consider combining the new code and the request for hours approval / address for rewards all into the same pull request so the whole thing is accepted or rejected by the repo owner without having to look through multiple pull requests.

## 4. Message The Repository Owner First
If you are considering working on something substantial that will take a lot of hours of development you should consider contacting the repo owner and inquire about their interest in the function, feature or application you are considering developing first before spending all the time on it.

## 5. Offer To Open Source Upon Acceptance 
If you are concerned about contributing something closed source and it being picked up by someone else, consider starting with a more restrictive license and offer to flip it to the MIT open source standard if the pull request / hours are accepted by the repository owner. 

## 6. Avoid Overlapping Commits on the Last Line of The Code - Proof_Of_Contribution.md File
Often when people make contributions they add their address, proof, hours, and description to the very last line of the Code Contributions file.
So when multiple people do this and the first Pull Request is merged, it causes conflicts will all the other Pull Requests that added their Contribution to the same line.
Consider placing your commit on a line other than the last one. As Code proof moves to a monthly basis consider adding your Code to a line equal to the date of its commitment.
